OSDOCS#16601: Docs for OSSO 1.3.2 (#102506)
openshift/openshift-docs: nodes/scheduling/secondary_scheduler/nodes-secondary-scheduler-release-notes.adoc

For more information, see xref:../../../nodes/scheduling/secondary_scheduler/index.adoc#nodes-secondary-scheduler-about_nodes-secondary-scheduler-about[About the {secondary-scheduler-operator}].

[id="secondary-scheduler-operator-release-notes-1.3.2_{context}"]
== Release notes for {secondary-scheduler-operator-full} 1.3.2

Issued: 19 November 2025

The following advisory is available for the {secondary-scheduler-operator-full} 1.3.2:

* link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RH??-2025:TODO[RH??-2025:TODO]
// TODO: Update with advisory link on release day

[id="secondary-scheduler-operator-1.3.2-new-features-and-enhancements_{context}"]
=== New features and enhancements

* This release rebuilds the base image for the {secondary-scheduler-operator} to improve its image grade.

[id="secondary-scheduler-operator-1.3.2-known-issues_{context}"]
=== Known issues

> * Currently, you cannot deploy additional resources, such as config maps, CRDs, or RBAC policies through the {secondary-scheduler-operator}. Any resources other than roles and role bindings that are required by your custom secondary scheduler must be applied externally. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/WRKLDS-645[*WRKLDS-645*])

Reviewer: I like the wording in the Jira better (we should document that _they are responsible for creating additional resources on their own_). Seems much simpler; I wasn't sure before reading the Jira what _must be applied externally_ means. But, I'm not target audience, though.
```suggestion
* Currently, you cannot deploy additional resources, such as config maps, CRDs, or RBAC policies through the {secondary-scheduler-operator}. You are responsible for creating any resources, other than roles and role bindings, that are required by your custom secondary scheduler. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/WRKLDS-645[*WRKLDS-645*])

 they are responsible for creating additional resources on their own
```
